The TCNJ Master of Public Health Program
is a professional degree program
that gives students real-world skills
that they can apply in multiple fields.
These skills include research skills
and competencies that can be applied
at the local, state, national,
and even global global levels.
Students in the MPH program at TCNJ get
to use real-world data. Data like national
surveys, data like insurance data,
data that includes social media in order
to interrogate and understand—what  are
the social determinants of health?
What are the things that cause health
disparities? And how can we address them?
I know that all the students who are part
of the TCNJ MPH program are going out
into the world and making a difference
in terms of reduction in health
disparities and creating
a healthier for everybody.